Thank you all for friending me on Facebook as it means the world as a disabled person who has socialised 10 times or so since 2008 with 7 people.

I have paranoid Schizophrenia, a growing brain tumour, severe brain injury and was an enforced disappearance for 6 years I spent at home in Suffo under 24 hour surveillance, e.g. wiretap clicks if I made any action not wanted, microwave weapon attacks, electromagnetic weapon attacks

In 2009 I attempted suicide in my bedroom at my lifelong home in Suffolk Park about returning to school and breaking up with Saffron. I did not know her and others habitually raped me for that long because I thought I was dreaming when I woke up from anaesthesia and sex erect drugging with cameras everywhere. She is a very good person who I have no time for and hope she does the best in life.

In 2009 in my room I ate my box of olanzapine, fluvoxamine, and xanax, roughly 60 to 90 pills. I OD'd and went into a coma transgressing Byron Bay Hospital (the first one), Tweed Hospital ICU where I awoke out of a coma, then inaugurally almost, the Lismore Youth Mental Health Facility which had recently been built.

Between 2009 and 2012, losing most vocal capacity and written handwriting capacity due to suicide, which was ameliorated through recovery and rehabilitation, I socialised with 4 people. The first was Matt, who was a lifelong friend since primary school, who as I suffered from extreme anxiety and isolation, prolonged, did not judge me or make me feel bad.

I no longer spoke in linguistically-applicable to my school (e.g. Surfer group linguistics), social group vernacular and I did not see any but one friend nor socialise in Year 11 when I returned to complete Year 10.

Matt and I saw each other 3 times, I remember we robbed a house in balclavas, running through flood lights, driving with 50 Cent on the CD player. We bought fish & chips a seperate time. And we visit his farm another time.

I also saw Ashaam, we got on the pingers, got involved in a home invasion and fled to the Coast, I took 4 ecstacy a night for 5 nights and ended up almost dying in the bathroom of a theme park, where I was hospitalised in the theme park hospital. Goon, hotel rooms and pingers.

I saw Tiendi once or twice, visiting his home, losing his address. I had some LSD. I visit Jack's and saw everyone smoking cones, and had a cone. And I visit his house once with a spectacular tall-girl visiting, a social event.

In 2012, the one time I have had sex since December 2008 - January 2008, I had a one night stand as I hitchiked and was picked up by a Primary School friend who said Jess wanted to speak to me, subsequently calling her and told to visit Mullumbimby, where she led me into her room and we had sex.

I have spent 10 years celibate in March 2022 it was roughly March 28 2012 the only time in 13 years I have had sex. I have spent 10 years celibate in 4 months.

In 2013 I contacted almost every major broadcast network in Australia, and printed news corporation, as well as a politician, and the United Nations and Cambridge Neuroscience staff.

I was institutionalised within about 30 hours having muscle inflammation which left me on crutches in RPA. I was the centre of national corporate, governmental, political institution attention, as well as clandestinely by national media corporations, their shareholders probably not impressed if what I said was aired.

In 2013 I did not socialise so much as I read my mathematics books posted to me. I met one person closely, which was Pia, and we saw each other several times in the mental asylum. I was initially in the Maximum Security compound where I was given an MRI. I was later placed in Manning Ward, the less secure compound for not-extremely-dangerous patients.

Pia was a non-vocal nymphomaniac who weighed 40 kilos and was not particularly talkative. She courted a romance with myself and several other patients.

After discharge in 2013 I returned home, travelling to Mullumbimby pub one night, after a beer deciding to return to town. It was roughly 11pm. The taxi line operator asked if I wanted to share a taxi as one was already headed to Byron Bay. My best mate Tiendi was in the cab.

We went into the top pub, I had skin infection, chipped, stained and broken teeth and was a broken person, bringing up physics at the beer table then leaving almost immediately and going home.

That is 5 people socialised with between 2009 and 2013 (inclusive of January to December each year).

In 2014 I contracted a skin disease, visit the John Flynn Tugun for a urological surgery but my face was surgically removed, visit a local skin clinic which suggested hyfrecation electrosurgery pin point burn incisions to remove acne. The electrosurgery caused skin disease from the surgical instrument, I complained and dissented and returned to the John Flynn Tugun and my face was surgically mutilated again.

It is now a quarter surgically reattached with skin, muscle and blood vessel grafts, the quarter surgically reattached face throbbing from bone, giving the appearance the skull is a beating heart or pushing forward and back each second. The surgical branding of the face was the shape of a dog urinating, on vital machines, also forming the letters MP, now my quarter face, a varicose vein in those shapes.

In 2015 I was prescribed retinol. No medication worked for seborrheic dermatitis which swoll my facial skin tissue inches, yellowing and wrinkling it. I eventually solved the problem with a wives' tale about trapping Epsom salt in pores, but salicylic acid not as the suggested 2% but of salicylic (not glycolic) 50% or 30% solved my skin disease, temporarily and from severity.

In 2014 I saw Minjarrah twice. In one incidence I spoke to him over Facebook, we bought some liquor and saw one of his mates. The next time was NYE, I walked into town and he was walking past. We went into a club and I had a scotch and coke, my groin burning from skin infection and disease, barely able to walk from muscle inflammation.

In 2014 (as is still historical information from Sydney Ballet's records), Sydney Ballet did Prokofiev (A Russian Composer), one of the ballets he wrote so I stayed in my Nannas 2.8m Coogee apartment sold 2017 to travel to the Sydney Opera House to see Prokofiev with Pia. I walked her home after a train, we visit a church, and I caught a taxi home.

Between 2015 1st of January and 2021 December I have socialised once, most of which I spent under 24 hour surveillance at home apart from in 2017 travelling to Sydney then the Gold Coast fleeing summary execution and blackmail from 24 hour surveillance. I did not socialise with my room mates, knew them by first name and only spoke about paying rent or cleaning duties.

In 2020 I socialised (of the one time between 2015 1st of January and December 2021) with Gene, who was socialising with my brother and added me online, where I asked him over. We visit the beach the next day.

That is the 7 people I have socialised with in the last 13 years in 10 or so events (once or twice a year between 2009 and 2015, then once, and at most 3 times a year between 2009 and 2015).

I am thankful I have been a recipient of the Disability Support Pension between 2012 and 2021, having never been employed, in workplaces or with a regular income. The only money I have ever had is from my multi-millionaire grandparents or Centrelink. My parents have given me money, which was my multi-millionaire grandparents money, as I have almost always lived in extreme poverty and have practically a $0 balance each week after fortnightly pension payment.

The most statistically occuring bank balance I have had between 2014 at my grandfathers' passing and and 2021 was $0, as I have never been employed, but in 2017 my grandmother gave me $70,000 then $30,000, which was mostly spent on temporary accomodation (hotels) or buying my family gifts.

At the moment I have a brain tumour (pituitary adenoma), very bad vision with almost no peripheral vision, paranoid Schizophrenia, skin disease though I may have ameliorated the skin infection (jock itch, turning into sebderm, whatever those cellular tissues are doing), teeth demineralisation, chips and cavities, and a surgically mutilated quarter face reattached and pulsing from bone each second.

Within a lifetime I will never have sex, as I am surgically branded with the letters MP to the face, surgically branded with the shape of a dog urinating and on vital machines to the face.

I have spent the most part of 2009 to 2021 in prolonged isolation.

Within a lifetime I will not have sex, marry, regularly be in public venues or spaces, socialise, be in a high paying career, be physically seen in a workplace, own a home, be out of extreme poverty, or get a girlfriend, or meet new friends.

I have socialised with 7 or people in 13 years, in 10 or so events, and have had sex once in 13 years becoming 10 years celibate in March 2022, March 28.

